PSYCHONAUTS
End User License Agreement - PC version
 
Please read this End User License Agreement ("License Agreement") before 
installing the Psychonauts software ("Software"). By installing this Software, 
you indicate your acceptance of this License Agreement.
 
LICENSE RIGHTS AND RESTRICTION. Double Fine Productions, Inc., its licensors, 
distributors, assigns, and successors (collectively, "Double Fine") grants to 
you the non-exclusive, non-assignable right to use the Software in object code 
form on a maximum of one (1) computer system solely for your personal use and 
enjoyment. The Software shall not be copied or used for any other purpose. You 
may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except to 
the extent that the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by 
applicable law. You may not sell, license, rent, prepare derivative works 
based upon the Software, or otherwise transfer the Software and accompanying 
written materials. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by 
Double Fine. 
 
ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS. Commercial use of the Software is prohibited. You are 
not permitted or authorized to use the Software for commercial purposes, or 
for the creation of additional levels whether or not done for commercial 
purposes.
 
COPYRIGHT. All title and copyrights in and to the Software and any copies of 
the Software are owned or controlled by Double Fine. This Software is 
protected by copyright and other industrial and intellectual property laws and 
international treaty provisions. All rights not expressly granted herein are 
reserved by Double Fine.
  
NO WARRANTIES. The Software and accompanying written materials are provided 
"as is," without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted by law, 
Double Fine disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, including but 
not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 
purpose and noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of the use or 
performance of the Software and any accompanying written materials remains 
with you.
  
NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. To the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law: in no event shall Double Fine be liable for any damages 
whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business 
profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other 
pecuniary or any personal loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use 
the Software, even if Double Fine has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or 
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above 
limitation may not apply to you.
  
TERMINATION OF LICENSE. If you violate any of the provisions of this License 
Agreement, the licensed rights described above shall immediately terminate 
without notice to you by Double Fine.
  
MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of 
California, and the United States of America to the maximum extent permitted 
by the law of the place where you purchased this License Agreement to the 
Software. Psychonauts is protected by copyright and other laws of the United 
States and international treaties.
